What does it mean to be killed?
Talk about the new work! Dragon King’s father’s people are coming to kill you!
What kind of body stick can Wan Wan find Wan Wan's father and the others?
There are three thousand people
You know I'm in charge of my afternoon
Under the system of heaven and earth
Then you can tell them all
Not this step
Finally, the road to join the enemy was newly opened
Defeat Yuma Tenchi and enter this possession
Go and fight to death
Really not only looking at the eyes and faces
Give him a shop, King Daddy
Unfortunately, today, the biggest explosion occurred
I not only want to kill him Jiang Han
I also want to bring out Wang Wang’s father.
I must be too in character
I will definitely be able to
This is the palace of Kyushu
Jiuzhou Jiefu
I am sure to be above ten thousand people
Why is it so hard?
I really want you to see it
Isn’t it how I discovered it in the first session?
But it's a pity
Look, you have no chance to see it
Because you are the one who fucked me now
I find your eyes now
I've passed you again
I'll make you alone next year for you